this is Roberto he might well be one of
the most intriguing people I've ever met
today he successfully raised funds to
film a documentary about his attempt to
sail on the amazon river on a raft that
he built to expose deforestation I met
Roberto randomly about a month ago and
he's been part of our his theory family
ever since but before that his life was
not so simple my name is Roberto at ease
and I was homeless at 19 years old I'm
from Elko Indiana
I've just been kind of
I ended up in LA because I had I had
this crazy goal I was gonna ride my
bicycle around the world so I ended up
in LA and needed a job and so I just
started looking Wow I had I knew no one
here had no connections plus I had no
money to begin with so I just went
homeless I know I wasn't afraid of it
and bless it was just kind of a risk I
realized like it was the only way I was
going to get out there
no one in my family knows anyone from LA
and none of my family has ever been out
here only like the first couple of
nights are scary cuz like I remember one
night I didn't feel like getting in the
tent so I just kind of laid on the
ground and I just kept hearing noises
there's other homeless people like
almost people are pretty chill except
these dudes like they look like the
crack daddy kind of homeless I'd usually
go off and then sleep under a bridge or
if I could find like some like a nice
bushed area yeah that's where you get
lonely when you're walking on
looks like everyone's having fun I'm in
those beautiful people everywhere
and you're just like damn what am i
doing out here like why did I choose
this why am i voluntarily choosing the
people misery I want to clarify
something
so I never thought of this as
homelessness
I just like thought of it as well I had
to do to get to where I wanted to go and
yeah yeah I didn't know anyone and my
family just not much money but this is
still something I chose I voluntarily
chose to live on the street and so just
with a lot of respect people who are
just placed on the street without it
it's not their choice so if there's if
there's any other word for it besides
homelessness out golf at all
go on to be homeless
but I never felt like some nerve felt
like a negative thing really advice
would you have for someone
first off don't take advice I'm done
don't take goodbye unless unless the
first thing you're talking to I mean
there are those rare occasions where
like a strange will give you good advice
but for the most part do not take advice
I mean unless this person is absolutely
someone you could see yourself being one
day if someone you're comfortable with
being if you're like you know I could
live in that person who shoes then take
their advice but not don't don't take
anyone's advice read books learn taking
opinions acknowledged but create here
use this you have this whole thing right
here to make make your own advice use it
I never take advice you know that Thomas
I was really self-conscious about it I
didn't want to tell people it's homeless
same with you guys remember I was scared
to come over all right
Roberto let's go check out this bridge
where we going I think was on that way
this way yeah that way let's go it's
right over there you get across the
street I'll turn on that camera
sorry slippery here
pretty terrible dude he got the job done
though
Yeah right
if you
huh
when
would you say to everybody who's just
more terrified of taking risks like
committing to different I'm pretty sure
more than happy you wouldn't have to be
homeless to do whatever you want to do
so look don't do it